Deleted Zscalar web security ad IIS-10 app docs (#2605)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/security-threat-detection/zscaler-internet-access.md

| top 10 baseurl by _count
```

## Install the Zscaler Internet Access app

> This section provides instructions on how to install the Zscaler Internet Access app, and provides examples of each of the dashboards. The preconfigured searches and dashboards provides you an easy-to-access visual insights into your data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to install the Zscaler Internet Access app, and provides examples of each of the dashboards. The preconfigured searches and dashboards provides you an easy-to-access visual insights into your data.
```
